Next, what we need to do is come
up with the model we want to use.
And the most easiest
way to start is to use
Keras' APIs sequentials which
I will explain in a second.
So, we need to first import a couple
of things, so we can say from,
tensorflow.keras.
And then, we need to,
it's actually a question
right in the Keras, so
we can say from tensorflow.keras
import Sequential.
So Sequential is the class
which will describe the type
of the models and
why it's called sequential?
Because our layers will
be edit sequentially,
alternatively you can
have different models.
Recurrent neural networks will require
almost like a recurrence into itself.
So we're not gonna go there yet, so
we're just gonna use sequential models,
and now we need to also import layers.
So from TensorFlow, [LAUGH] Okay,
it's easier to just type
without have to completion.
So Keras and I believe it's called layers,
we can import a particular class
called Dense and Flattened.
So Dense, that's our fully
connected layer, meaning that with
the Dense layer, if you have,
for instance, two layers right?
And one of them is Dense,
pretty much all the neurons from
the previous layers will be connected
to all the neurons of this layer.
And Flatten, we need it because we want
to simply have our two dimensional image.
Remember, we have 28 by
28 pixels right now,
we want to actually flatten it
out into one dimensional array.
Because that's gonna be our one
dimensional array feed into the model,
does it make sense or?
So, basically from two dimensional image,
we are simply taking the second row and
truncating.
Or editing it to the first 28 pixels we
got from the first row and that's it.
So we simply creating this one long,
specifically 784 pixels long, one array.
And that's gonna be our input we will
be providing to our neural network,
fully connected neural network, all right.
So, we import those things, so
what we need to do next is to
actually specify our model.
So model =, and
we can just say sequential, so
we're creating the instance
of this sequential class.
And what we can do we can say model,
let's use add functions,
so now we adding layers to our model.
When I just said model sequential,
it's just clarified what type
of model I will be having.
But nothing about how it's
actually organized inside, so
by using model.add for instance,
just saying I want to first, Flatten.
And yes, I need to provide input_shape.
Oops, shape=, and
here it will be adjust the resolution
of my original image, so 28 by 28 pixels.
And the result of this operation,
if I, for instance,
just execute this right now and
do something like model.summary.
It'll tell me what exactly happening here,
so a sequential model, right?
In this model, I have only one layer,
a layer called flatten.
And in the input, it will take 28 by 28,
but as the output,
it will return simply one array with
784 pixels.
And the thing is we're not using
any additional parameters,
in this layer we don't have any weights or
biases.
It just doing the flattening
of the two dimensional array,
that's it what's happening here.
Right now, we're not working with data,
I'm just specifying the model and
input_shape is telling
this layer what to expect.
What kinda input data,
in which structure we should
expect data to come into the model,
doesn't make sense?
>> Yeah, it does.
>> Okay, and the thing is
the next layer's, for instance,
the one we're gonna be creating.
It doesn't even need to know what
the previous layer will be printing out,
because it will do automatically
behind the scenes for you.
So with the sequential model,
when we print out the summary.
You'll see that we just simply did
the transformation of this original image,
28 by 28 pixels.
But the thing is we haven't
provided even the images yet,
we're just saying that that's
the input you should expect.
Some just images 28 by 28,
two dimensional images, but
our first flattened layer will simply
produce this one dimensional array.
If you multiply 28 by 28, 784, that's
exactly how many elements you will have.
And the thing is we can add more layers,
for
instance, the next one, let's say is
gonna be fully connected neural networks.
So we can, say, use Dense and
to the Dense we then provide
how many neurons we want to
have in this particular layer.
So, for Dense,
let's say we want, I don't know,
256, so, what that means and by the way,
we can also specify additional parameters.
So, units, that's exactly how many
neurons you want to have, right?
So I can exclusively instead
of specifying 256 here,
I can say that's the number of units or
neurons I want to have in my layer.
And there are additional
parameters you can specify, for
instance, activation function.
So, activation function, remember I said
that when you get all of those inputs.
Multiplied them by the weights and
sum that to the result,
then that's the argument to your function.
And for instance, you can say that
activation function should be sigmoid.
And that will simply flatten the
distribution to something between 0 and 1.